I bothered to read a book to the kid.
Jean bothered to fit the part.
She bothered to put some food in the fish bowl.
I bothered there to be a bird at the feeder.
Beth bothered there to be a seat at the bar.
He bothered there to be a truck at the curb.
I bothered her the table.
She bothered him the cup.
Fletch bothered them the bottle.
It bothers him where he read a book to the kid.
It bothers me why she fit the part.
It bothers her how they put some food in the fish bowl.
It bothers him to read a book to the kid.
It bothers me to fit the part.
It bothers her to put some food in the fish bowl.
What bothers him most of all is to read a book to the kid.
What bothers me most of all is to fit the part.
What bothers her most of all is to put some food in the fish bowl.
I bothered her that he read a book to the kid.
Lee bothered them that she fit the part.
He bothered him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I bothered for her to read a book to the kid.
Paz bothered for them to fit the part.
She bothered for him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I bothered.
Belle bothered.
He bothered.
I bothered if he read a book to the kid.
Fred bothered if she fit the part.
He bothered if they put some food in the fish bowl.
It bothers him where to read a book to the kid.
It bothers me why to fit the part.
It bothers her how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I bothered her about the table.
She bothered him about the cup.
Zeke bothered them about the bottle.
I bothered he read a book to the kid.
Serge bothered she fit the part.
He bothered they put some food in the fish bowl.
I bothered her go to the store.
Derek bothered them bake bread.
She bothered him eat a sandwich.
I bothered to.
Tino bothered to.
He bothered to.
I bothered where to read a book to the kid.
Hal bothered why to fit the part.
She bothered how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I was bothered that he read a book to the kid.
Sadie was bothered that she fit the part.
He was bothered that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I bothered the table.
Jill bothered the bottle.
He bothered the cup.
I bothered so.
She bothered so.
Hilary bothered so.
It bothers him that he read a book to the kid.
It bothers me that she fit the part.
It bothers her that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I bothered her to read a book to the kid.
Annette bothered them to fit the part.
He bothered him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I bothered where he read a book to the kid.
Austin bothered why she fit the part.
She bothered how they put some food in the fish bowl.
I bothered her he read a book to the kid.
Carrie bothered them she fit the part.
He bothered him they put some food in the fish bowl.
What bothers him most of all is that he read a book to the kid.
What bothers her most of all is that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What bothers me most of all is that she fit the part.
I was bothered to read a book to the kid.
She was bothered to put some food in the fish bowl.
Kate was bothered to fit the part.
I bothered about the table.
Nan bothered about the bottle.
She bothered about the cup.
I bothered it that he read a book to the kid.
Sam bothered it that she fit the part.
He bothered it that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What I bothered most of all was that he read a book to the kid.
What Mel bothered most of all was that she fit the part.
What he bothered most of all was that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I bothered to her that he read a book to the kid.
Wendy bothered to them that she fit the part.
He bothered to him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
He read a book to the kid, I bother.
They put some food in the fish bowl, I bother.
She fit the part, I bother.
I bothered going to the store.
Lea bothered baking bread.
She bothered eating a sandwich.
He read a book to the kid, Jean bothered.
They put some food in the fish bowl, Beth bothered.
She fit the part, Fletch bothered.
What I bothered most of all was to read a book to the kid.
What Rob bothered most of all was to fit the part.
What he bothered most of all was to put some food in the fish bowl.
I bothered that he read a book to the kid.
She bothered that they put some food in the fish bowl.
Gary bothered that she fit the part.
