I expected to read a book to the kid.
Jean expected to fit the part.
She expected to put some food in the fish bowl.
I expected there to be a bird at the feeder.
Beth expected there to be a seat at the bar.
He expected there to be a truck at the curb.
I expected her the table.
She expected him the cup.
Fletch expected them the bottle.
It expects him where he read a book to the kid.
It expects me why she fit the part.
It expects her how they put some food in the fish bowl.
It expects him to read a book to the kid.
It expects me to fit the part.
It expects her to put some food in the fish bowl.
What expects him most of all is to read a book to the kid.
What expects me most of all is to fit the part.
What expects her most of all is to put some food in the fish bowl.
I expected her that he read a book to the kid.
Lee expected them that she fit the part.
He expected him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I expected for her to read a book to the kid.
Paz expected for them to fit the part.
She expected for him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I expected.
Belle expected.
He expected.
I expected if he read a book to the kid.
Fred expected if she fit the part.
He expected if they put some food in the fish bowl.
It expects him where to read a book to the kid.
It expects me why to fit the part.
It expects her how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I expected her about the table.
She expected him about the cup.
Zeke expected them about the bottle.
I expected he read a book to the kid.
Serge expected she fit the part.
He expected they put some food in the fish bowl.
I expected her go to the store.
Derek expected them bake bread.
She expected him eat a sandwich.
I expected to.
Tino expected to.
He expected to.
I expected where to read a book to the kid.
Hal expected why to fit the part.
She expected how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I was expected that he read a book to the kid.
Sadie was expected that she fit the part.
He was expected that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I expected the table.
Jill expected the bottle.
He expected the cup.
I expected so.
She expected so.
Hilary expected so.
It expects him that he read a book to the kid.
It expects me that she fit the part.
It expects her that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I expected her to read a book to the kid.
Annette expected them to fit the part.
He expected him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I expected where he read a book to the kid.
Austin expected why she fit the part.
She expected how they put some food in the fish bowl.
I expected her he read a book to the kid.
Carrie expected them she fit the part.
He expected him they put some food in the fish bowl.
What expects him most of all is that he read a book to the kid.
What expects her most of all is that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What expects me most of all is that she fit the part.
I was expected to read a book to the kid.
She was expected to put some food in the fish bowl.
Kate was expected to fit the part.
I expected about the table.
Nan expected about the bottle.
She expected about the cup.
I expected it that he read a book to the kid.
Sam expected it that she fit the part.
He expected it that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What I expected most of all was that he read a book to the kid.
What Mel expected most of all was that she fit the part.
What he expected most of all was that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I expected to her that he read a book to the kid.
Wendy expected to them that she fit the part.
He expected to him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
He read a book to the kid, I expect.
They put some food in the fish bowl, I expect.
She fit the part, I expect.
I expected going to the store.
Lea expected baking bread.
She expected eating a sandwich.
He read a book to the kid, Jean expected.
They put some food in the fish bowl, Beth expected.
She fit the part, Fletch expected.
What I expected most of all was to read a book to the kid.
What Rob expected most of all was to fit the part.
What he expected most of all was to put some food in the fish bowl.
I expected that he read a book to the kid.
She expected that they put some food in the fish bowl.
Gary expected that she fit the part.
