I guessed to read a book to the kid.
Jean guessed to fit the part.
She guessed to put some food in the fish bowl.
I guessed there to be a bird at the feeder.
Beth guessed there to be a seat at the bar.
He guessed there to be a truck at the curb.
I guessed her the table.
She guessed him the cup.
Fletch guessed them the bottle.
It guesses him where he read a book to the kid.
It guesses me why she fit the part.
It guesses her how they put some food in the fish bowl.
It guesses him to read a book to the kid.
It guesses me to fit the part.
It guesses her to put some food in the fish bowl.
What guesses him most of all is to read a book to the kid.
What guesses me most of all is to fit the part.
What guesses her most of all is to put some food in the fish bowl.
I guessed her that he read a book to the kid.
Lee guessed them that she fit the part.
He guessed him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I guessed for her to read a book to the kid.
Paz guessed for them to fit the part.
She guessed for him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I guessed.
Belle guessed.
He guessed.
I guessed if he read a book to the kid.
Fred guessed if she fit the part.
He guessed if they put some food in the fish bowl.
It guesses him where to read a book to the kid.
It guesses me why to fit the part.
It guesses her how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I guessed her about the table.
She guessed him about the cup.
Zeke guessed them about the bottle.
I guessed he read a book to the kid.
Serge guessed she fit the part.
He guessed they put some food in the fish bowl.
I guessed her go to the store.
Derek guessed them bake bread.
She guessed him eat a sandwich.
I guessed to.
Tino guessed to.
He guessed to.
I guessed where to read a book to the kid.
Hal guessed why to fit the part.
She guessed how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I was guessed that he read a book to the kid.
Sadie was guessed that she fit the part.
He was guessed that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I guessed the table.
Jill guessed the bottle.
He guessed the cup.
I guessed so.
She guessed so.
Hilary guessed so.
It guesses him that he read a book to the kid.
It guesses me that she fit the part.
It guesses her that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I guessed her to read a book to the kid.
Annette guessed them to fit the part.
He guessed him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I guessed where he read a book to the kid.
Austin guessed why she fit the part.
She guessed how they put some food in the fish bowl.
I guessed her he read a book to the kid.
Carrie guessed them she fit the part.
He guessed him they put some food in the fish bowl.
What guesses him most of all is that he read a book to the kid.
What guesses her most of all is that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What guesses me most of all is that she fit the part.
I was guessed to read a book to the kid.
She was guessed to put some food in the fish bowl.
Kate was guessed to fit the part.
I guessed about the table.
Nan guessed about the bottle.
She guessed about the cup.
I guessed it that he read a book to the kid.
Sam guessed it that she fit the part.
He guessed it that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What I guessed most of all was that he read a book to the kid.
What Mel guessed most of all was that she fit the part.
What he guessed most of all was that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I guessed to her that he read a book to the kid.
Wendy guessed to them that she fit the part.
He guessed to him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
He read a book to the kid, I guess.
They put some food in the fish bowl, I guess.
She fit the part, I guess.
I guessed going to the store.
Lea guessed baking bread.
She guessed eating a sandwich.
He read a book to the kid, Jean guessed.
They put some food in the fish bowl, Beth guessed.
She fit the part, Fletch guessed.
What I guessed most of all was to read a book to the kid.
What Rob guessed most of all was to fit the part.
What he guessed most of all was to put some food in the fish bowl.
I guessed that he read a book to the kid.
She guessed that they put some food in the fish bowl.
Gary guessed that she fit the part.
