I heard to read a book to the kid.
Jean heard to fit the part.
She heard to put some food in the fish bowl.
I heard there to be a bird at the feeder.
Beth heard there to be a seat at the bar.
He heard there to be a truck at the curb.
I heard her the table.
She heard him the cup.
Fletch heard them the bottle.
It hears him where he read a book to the kid.
It hears me why she fit the part.
It hears her how they put some food in the fish bowl.
It hears him to read a book to the kid.
It hears me to fit the part.
It hears her to put some food in the fish bowl.
What hears him most of all is to read a book to the kid.
What hears me most of all is to fit the part.
What hears her most of all is to put some food in the fish bowl.
I heard her that he read a book to the kid.
Lee heard them that she fit the part.
He heard him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I heard for her to read a book to the kid.
Paz heard for them to fit the part.
She heard for him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I heard.
Belle heard.
He heard.
I heard if he read a book to the kid.
Fred heard if she fit the part.
He heard if they put some food in the fish bowl.
It hears him where to read a book to the kid.
It hears me why to fit the part.
It hears her how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I heard her about the table.
She heard him about the cup.
Zeke heard them about the bottle.
I heard he read a book to the kid.
Serge heard she fit the part.
He heard they put some food in the fish bowl.
I heard her go to the store.
Derek heard them bake bread.
She heard him eat a sandwich.
I heard to.
Tino heard to.
He heard to.
I heard where to read a book to the kid.
Hal heard why to fit the part.
She heard how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I was heard that he read a book to the kid.
Sadie was heard that she fit the part.
He was heard that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I heard the table.
Jill heard the bottle.
He heard the cup.
I heard so.
She heard so.
Hilary heard so.
It hears him that he read a book to the kid.
It hears me that she fit the part.
It hears her that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I heard her to read a book to the kid.
Annette heard them to fit the part.
He heard him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I heard where he read a book to the kid.
Austin heard why she fit the part.
She heard how they put some food in the fish bowl.
I heard her he read a book to the kid.
Carrie heard them she fit the part.
He heard him they put some food in the fish bowl.
What hears him most of all is that he read a book to the kid.
What hears her most of all is that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What hears me most of all is that she fit the part.
I was heard to read a book to the kid.
She was heard to put some food in the fish bowl.
Kate was heard to fit the part.
I heard about the table.
Nan heard about the bottle.
She heard about the cup.
I heard it that he read a book to the kid.
Sam heard it that she fit the part.
He heard it that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What I heard most of all was that he read a book to the kid.
What Mel heard most of all was that she fit the part.
What he heard most of all was that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I heard to her that he read a book to the kid.
Wendy heard to them that she fit the part.
He heard to him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
He read a book to the kid, I hear.
They put some food in the fish bowl, I hear.
She fit the part, I hear.
I heard going to the store.
Lea heard baking bread.
She heard eating a sandwich.
He read a book to the kid, Jean heard.
They put some food in the fish bowl, Beth heard.
She fit the part, Fletch heard.
What I heard most of all was to read a book to the kid.
What Rob heard most of all was to fit the part.
What he heard most of all was to put some food in the fish bowl.
I heard that he read a book to the kid.
She heard that they put some food in the fish bowl.
Gary heard that she fit the part.
