I pretended to read a book to the kid.
Jean pretended to fit the part.
She pretended to put some food in the fish bowl.
I pretended there to be a bird at the feeder.
Beth pretended there to be a seat at the bar.
He pretended there to be a truck at the curb.
I pretended her the table.
She pretended him the cup.
Fletch pretended them the bottle.
It pretends him where he read a book to the kid.
It pretends me why she fit the part.
It pretends her how they put some food in the fish bowl.
It pretends him to read a book to the kid.
It pretends me to fit the part.
It pretends her to put some food in the fish bowl.
What pretends him most of all is to read a book to the kid.
What pretends me most of all is to fit the part.
What pretends her most of all is to put some food in the fish bowl.
I pretended her that he read a book to the kid.
Lee pretended them that she fit the part.
He pretended him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I pretended for her to read a book to the kid.
Paz pretended for them to fit the part.
She pretended for him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I pretended.
Belle pretended.
He pretended.
I pretended if he read a book to the kid.
Fred pretended if she fit the part.
He pretended if they put some food in the fish bowl.
It pretends him where to read a book to the kid.
It pretends me why to fit the part.
It pretends her how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I pretended her about the table.
She pretended him about the cup.
Zeke pretended them about the bottle.
I pretended he read a book to the kid.
Serge pretended she fit the part.
He pretended they put some food in the fish bowl.
I pretended her go to the store.
Derek pretended them bake bread.
She pretended him eat a sandwich.
I pretended to.
Tino pretended to.
He pretended to.
I pretended where to read a book to the kid.
Hal pretended why to fit the part.
She pretended how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I was pretended that he read a book to the kid.
Sadie was pretended that she fit the part.
He was pretended that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I pretended the table.
Jill pretended the bottle.
He pretended the cup.
I pretended so.
She pretended so.
Hilary pretended so.
It pretends him that he read a book to the kid.
It pretends me that she fit the part.
It pretends her that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I pretended her to read a book to the kid.
Annette pretended them to fit the part.
He pretended him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I pretended where he read a book to the kid.
Austin pretended why she fit the part.
She pretended how they put some food in the fish bowl.
I pretended her he read a book to the kid.
Carrie pretended them she fit the part.
He pretended him they put some food in the fish bowl.
What pretends him most of all is that he read a book to the kid.
What pretends her most of all is that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What pretends me most of all is that she fit the part.
I was pretended to read a book to the kid.
She was pretended to put some food in the fish bowl.
Kate was pretended to fit the part.
I pretended about the table.
Nan pretended about the bottle.
She pretended about the cup.
I pretended it that he read a book to the kid.
Sam pretended it that she fit the part.
He pretended it that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What I pretended most of all was that he read a book to the kid.
What Mel pretended most of all was that she fit the part.
What he pretended most of all was that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I pretended to her that he read a book to the kid.
Wendy pretended to them that she fit the part.
He pretended to him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
He read a book to the kid, I pretend.
They put some food in the fish bowl, I pretend.
She fit the part, I pretend.
I pretended going to the store.
Lea pretended baking bread.
She pretended eating a sandwich.
He read a book to the kid, Jean pretended.
They put some food in the fish bowl, Beth pretended.
She fit the part, Fletch pretended.
What I pretended most of all was to read a book to the kid.
What Rob pretended most of all was to fit the part.
What he pretended most of all was to put some food in the fish bowl.
I pretended that he read a book to the kid.
She pretended that they put some food in the fish bowl.
Gary pretended that she fit the part.
