I said to read a book to the kid.
Jean said to fit the part.
She said to put some food in the fish bowl.
I said there to be a bird at the feeder.
Beth said there to be a seat at the bar.
He said there to be a truck at the curb.
I said her the table.
She said him the cup.
Fletch said them the bottle.
It says him where he read a book to the kid.
It says me why she fit the part.
It says her how they put some food in the fish bowl.
It says him to read a book to the kid.
It says me to fit the part.
It says her to put some food in the fish bowl.
What says him most of all is to read a book to the kid.
What says me most of all is to fit the part.
What says her most of all is to put some food in the fish bowl.
I said her that he read a book to the kid.
Lee said them that she fit the part.
He said him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I said for her to read a book to the kid.
Paz said for them to fit the part.
She said for him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I said.
Belle said.
He said.
I said if he read a book to the kid.
Fred said if she fit the part.
He said if they put some food in the fish bowl.
It says him where to read a book to the kid.
It says me why to fit the part.
It says her how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I said her about the table.
She said him about the cup.
Zeke said them about the bottle.
I said he read a book to the kid.
Serge said she fit the part.
He said they put some food in the fish bowl.
I said her go to the store.
Derek said them bake bread.
She said him eat a sandwich.
I said to.
Tino said to.
He said to.
I said where to read a book to the kid.
Hal said why to fit the part.
She said how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I was said that he read a book to the kid.
Sadie was said that she fit the part.
He was said that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I said the table.
Jill said the bottle.
He said the cup.
I said so.
She said so.
Hilary said so.
It says him that he read a book to the kid.
It says me that she fit the part.
It says her that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I said her to read a book to the kid.
Annette said them to fit the part.
He said him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I said where he read a book to the kid.
Austin said why she fit the part.
She said how they put some food in the fish bowl.
I said her he read a book to the kid.
Carrie said them she fit the part.
He said him they put some food in the fish bowl.
What says him most of all is that he read a book to the kid.
What says her most of all is that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What says me most of all is that she fit the part.
I was said to read a book to the kid.
She was said to put some food in the fish bowl.
Kate was said to fit the part.
I said about the table.
Nan said about the bottle.
She said about the cup.
I said it that he read a book to the kid.
Sam said it that she fit the part.
He said it that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What I said most of all was that he read a book to the kid.
What Mel said most of all was that she fit the part.
What he said most of all was that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I said to her that he read a book to the kid.
Wendy said to them that she fit the part.
He said to him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
He read a book to the kid, I say.
They put some food in the fish bowl, I say.
She fit the part, I say.
I said going to the store.
Lea said baking bread.
She said eating a sandwich.
He read a book to the kid, Jean said.
They put some food in the fish bowl, Beth said.
She fit the part, Fletch said.
What I said most of all was to read a book to the kid.
What Rob said most of all was to fit the part.
What he said most of all was to put some food in the fish bowl.
I said that he read a book to the kid.
She said that they put some food in the fish bowl.
Gary said that she fit the part.
