I told to read a book to the kid.
Jean told to fit the part.
She told to put some food in the fish bowl.
I told there to be a bird at the feeder.
Beth told there to be a seat at the bar.
He told there to be a truck at the curb.
I told her the table.
She told him the cup.
Fletch told them the bottle.
It tells him where he read a book to the kid.
It tells me why she fit the part.
It tells her how they put some food in the fish bowl.
It tells him to read a book to the kid.
It tells me to fit the part.
It tells her to put some food in the fish bowl.
What tells him most of all is to read a book to the kid.
What tells me most of all is to fit the part.
What tells her most of all is to put some food in the fish bowl.
I told her that he read a book to the kid.
Lee told them that she fit the part.
He told him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I told for her to read a book to the kid.
Paz told for them to fit the part.
She told for him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I told.
Belle told.
He told.
I told if he read a book to the kid.
Fred told if she fit the part.
He told if they put some food in the fish bowl.
It tells him where to read a book to the kid.
It tells me why to fit the part.
It tells her how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I told her about the table.
She told him about the cup.
Zeke told them about the bottle.
I told he read a book to the kid.
Serge told she fit the part.
He told they put some food in the fish bowl.
I told her go to the store.
Derek told them bake bread.
She told him eat a sandwich.
I told to.
Tino told to.
He told to.
I told where to read a book to the kid.
Hal told why to fit the part.
She told how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I was told that he read a book to the kid.
Sadie was told that she fit the part.
He was told that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I told the table.
Jill told the bottle.
He told the cup.
I told so.
She told so.
Hilary told so.
It tells him that he read a book to the kid.
It tells me that she fit the part.
It tells her that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I told her to read a book to the kid.
Annette told them to fit the part.
He told him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I told where he read a book to the kid.
Austin told why she fit the part.
She told how they put some food in the fish bowl.
I told her he read a book to the kid.
Carrie told them she fit the part.
He told him they put some food in the fish bowl.
What tells him most of all is that he read a book to the kid.
What tells her most of all is that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What tells me most of all is that she fit the part.
I was told to read a book to the kid.
She was told to put some food in the fish bowl.
Kate was told to fit the part.
I told about the table.
Nan told about the bottle.
She told about the cup.
I told it that he read a book to the kid.
Sam told it that she fit the part.
He told it that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What I told most of all was that he read a book to the kid.
What Mel told most of all was that she fit the part.
What he told most of all was that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I told to her that he read a book to the kid.
Wendy told to them that she fit the part.
He told to him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
He read a book to the kid, I tell.
They put some food in the fish bowl, I tell.
She fit the part, I tell.
I told going to the store.
Lea told baking bread.
She told eating a sandwich.
He read a book to the kid, Jean told.
They put some food in the fish bowl, Beth told.
She fit the part, Fletch told.
What I told most of all was to read a book to the kid.
What Rob told most of all was to fit the part.
What he told most of all was to put some food in the fish bowl.
I told that he read a book to the kid.
She told that they put some food in the fish bowl.
Gary told that she fit the part.
