I understood to read a book to the kid.
Jean understood to fit the part.
She understood to put some food in the fish bowl.
I understood there to be a bird at the feeder.
Beth understood there to be a seat at the bar.
He understood there to be a truck at the curb.
I understood her the table.
She understood him the cup.
Fletch understood them the bottle.
It understands him where he read a book to the kid.
It understands me why she fit the part.
It understands her how they put some food in the fish bowl.
It understands him to read a book to the kid.
It understands me to fit the part.
It understands her to put some food in the fish bowl.
What understands him most of all is to read a book to the kid.
What understands me most of all is to fit the part.
What understands her most of all is to put some food in the fish bowl.
I understood her that he read a book to the kid.
Lee understood them that she fit the part.
He understood him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I understood for her to read a book to the kid.
Paz understood for them to fit the part.
She understood for him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I understood.
Belle understood.
He understood.
I understood if he read a book to the kid.
Fred understood if she fit the part.
He understood if they put some food in the fish bowl.
It understands him where to read a book to the kid.
It understands me why to fit the part.
It understands her how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I understood her about the table.
She understood him about the cup.
Zeke understood them about the bottle.
I understood he read a book to the kid.
Serge understood she fit the part.
He understood they put some food in the fish bowl.
I understood her go to the store.
Derek understood them bake bread.
She understood him eat a sandwich.
I understood to.
Tino understood to.
He understood to.
I understood where to read a book to the kid.
Hal understood why to fit the part.
She understood how to put some food in the fish bowl.
I was understood that he read a book to the kid.
Sadie was understood that she fit the part.
He was understood that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I understood the table.
Jill understood the bottle.
He understood the cup.
I understood so.
She understood so.
Hilary understood so.
It understands him that he read a book to the kid.
It understands me that she fit the part.
It understands her that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I understood her to read a book to the kid.
Annette understood them to fit the part.
He understood him to put some food in the fish bowl.
I understood where he read a book to the kid.
Austin understood why she fit the part.
She understood how they put some food in the fish bowl.
I understood her he read a book to the kid.
Carrie understood them she fit the part.
He understood him they put some food in the fish bowl.
What understands him most of all is that he read a book to the kid.
What understands her most of all is that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What understands me most of all is that she fit the part.
I was understood to read a book to the kid.
She was understood to put some food in the fish bowl.
Kate was understood to fit the part.
I understood about the table.
Nan understood about the bottle.
She understood about the cup.
I understood it that he read a book to the kid.
Sam understood it that she fit the part.
He understood it that they put some food in the fish bowl.
What I understood most of all was that he read a book to the kid.
What Mel understood most of all was that she fit the part.
What he understood most of all was that they put some food in the fish bowl.
I understood to her that he read a book to the kid.
Wendy understood to them that she fit the part.
He understood to him that they put some food in the fish bowl.
He read a book to the kid, I understand.
They put some food in the fish bowl, I understand.
She fit the part, I understand.
I understood going to the store.
Lea understood baking bread.
She understood eating a sandwich.
He read a book to the kid, Jean understood.
They put some food in the fish bowl, Beth understood.
She fit the part, Fletch understood.
What I understood most of all was to read a book to the kid.
What Rob understood most of all was to fit the part.
What he understood most of all was to put some food in the fish bowl.
I understood that he read a book to the kid.
She understood that they put some food in the fish bowl.
Gary understood that she fit the part.
